Previously on Sons of
Anarchy...
POTTER:
I promise, when we take down
the Irish at this meet,
we’ll need to prosecute
the club members present,
but that’s where it stops.
I will not use RICO
to dismantle the Sons.
GEMMA:
You took money out
of that safe this morning.
Hours later
somebody goes after Tara.
- (Tara screaming)
- (man grunting)
- (tires screeching)
- You didn’t know that Jax was
gonna be with her, did you?
- Enough!
- You stay away from my family.
(grunting)
What’s going on?
Holy shit, Gemma.
Clay did this?
TARA:
What are you doing here?
I want to see my son.
I am the one who raised him
when you walked away.
I know, but legally
I am still his mother.
(Tara screams)
I’ll need you to document
Robert Munson’s involvement
in selling guns.
I’ll give you
a dozen crimes.
You know why you’re losing
this club?
It’s ’cause you shut those doors
and you lock all of us out.
Gem, this was Clay.
You’re right,
this ain’t the way it works.
Oh, God. Dad?
Oh, my God.
Shit.
What are you doing here?!
Clay killed your old man.
Gemma confronted Clay
about Piney.
He almost killed her.
Go see Gemma’s face.
Clay has got to go, son.
(banging on door)
OPIE:
It’s Ope.
♪♪ [ On Radio: Soft Rock ]
Morning, sweetheart.
I’m sure you heard
all about it.
I’m okay.
You want some coffee?
No, thanks.
You looking for Clay?
Yeah, I am.
He’s staying
at the clubhouse.
Why did he hurt you?
I’m tired, Ope.
It just happened.
I want to know why.
(sighs):
Heat with the club.
When that hits a boiling point
same time as...
as family shit,
it’s just a bad combination.
What family shit?
Do not take this on,
Ope.
What happened between me and
Clay– that’s historic shit.
Been building a long time.
So what happens now?
You and Clay?
I do what I always do.
I take care of my family.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
CHIBS:
Here we go. The Kings.
Welcome, gentlemen.
Gaalan, good to see you.
Good to see you too, Clay.
ROURKE:
Clay, how are you?
(indistinct voices)
This is quaint,
nice and private.
CLAY:
Owner’s a friend.
Dummy corps protects everybody.
Even from the cartel?
My guys are here 24-7.
Guns are safe.
Hey, sorry I’m late.
Guess you had more
pressing business.
Mother of my son
in the hospital.
Aye, we heard.
Sorry about your girl.
Unfortunate events
such as yours–
reason why this cartel deal
worries us.
We understood
your need to shed the Russians,
and funneling our small arms
to the Mexicans
was a reasonable risk,
but everything
that’s happened since,
not very reasonable at all.
The bloodshed
was an internal cartel beef.
It’s been handled.
Handled by the guns
we specifically told you
not to use.
CLAY: Those RPGs
saved my life, brother.
If Jax doesn’t make that call,
we’re not standing here
right now.
If we weren’t in bed
with those dirty wetbacks,
we wouldn’t be
standing here either.
I’d be at home
resting comfortably.
So would your girl.
Look, you trust me,
I trust Galindo.
Talking about a once-in-a-
lifetime opportunity here.
Romeo understands
the need for discretion.
Hard to be discreet with RPGs,
.50-cals, and sniper rifles.
Look,
all these big guns will be
used south of the border.
None of this shite
will blow back on the cause.
I need assurances.
CLAY:
We’re gonna meet
with Romeo tomorrow.
He’s gonna answer
all your questions,
address all your concerns,
I promise.
Meet needs to be
on neutral ground.
Bring ’em a sample
of the weapons.
If it works out, bring ’em
back here, do the exchange.
There’s an Indian reservation
10 minutes from here.
Very private.
3:00.
CLAY: Good.
(phones ringing)
Hitting a wall getting
Lenny Janowitz his privileges.
We may have to deal directly
with the Department
of Corrections.
Only way it happens quickly.
That’s a risk.
Warden knows, guards find out,
pretty soon inmates are passing
that from block to block.
Just got this text.
We’ll have to take the risk.
Juan Carlos just locked down
our Irish-Cartel gun meet.
(knocking)
CHIBS:
Yo! We’re heading out, Juicy.
Maybe we can get out
of this in one piece.
Yeah.
Shite’s in
the rearview now, boys.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
(door opens)
(door closes)
What happened to you?
Fell down some stairs.
Christ, Gemma.
How you feeling?
Like I want more morphine.
Yeah, speaking
of junkies...
Let’s not.
What’d she say?
Required sedation, baby.
Had to be bad.
About Abel?
She wants to get
to know her son.
That’s not going to happen.
I set her straight.
It’s not your business.
Yes, it is.
You got enough on your plate
right now, sweetheart.
I’m just trying to help.
Yeah, of course you are.
Look what it’s done to you.
Jax doesn’t need
another problem.
You keep him clear of it.
Why?
You afraid it’ll give us another
reason to run from Charming?
I’m afraid it’s another thing
that will break his heart.
I can take care of his heart.
Hi, baby, hi.
You connect with Ope?
He came by the house
this morning.
Was Piney with him?
No, why?
He went to the cabin
last night to bring him home.
Oh. No, he was alone.
Okay.
See you in a bit.
Mm-hmm.
Find Opie for me.
Yes, ma’am– Gemma.
(Gemma sighs)
Any word on when
you’re getting out?
I have an exit interview
with the shrink.
If he thinks
I’m... stable enough,
they’ll release me
this afternoon.
You wanna tell me
what happened?
Wendy.
What are you talking about?
Your ex-wife came by,
pushing to get back to Abel.
(Jax sighs)
Jesus Christ.
I lost it.
I didn’t know
she was here, I’m sorry.
Those are my boys.
I know.
I promise, she will not
get near Abel.
Gemma didn’t want me
to tell you.
She’s afraid it’ll push us
further away.
I will deal with my ex-wife
and my mother, okay?
(door opens and closes)
Call Rat. Get him down here
to watch Tara.
I need you to track down
my ex-wife.
Gemma wanted me
to find...
I don’t give a shit
what Gemma wanted!
Her name is Wendy Case.
I want a 20 on her
by the end of the day.
Yes, sir.
(Skeeter grunting)
You just gonna drag him?
You wanna lift him?
300 pounds of dead weight?
Tell Ope I’ll burn him
after hours.
Crematorium closes at 6:00.
He can come by anytime
after that.
UNSER:
Yeah, okay.
- Where you going?
- Weed shop. You need anything?
No, I’m good.
- Don’t carry.
- I know.
I’ll see ya later.
See ya later.
- How’s Tara?
- Better.
When’s she getting out?
Not sure. Let’s talk.
After this deal
goes down tomorrow,
we put a ticking clock
on the blow.
Tell Romeo we’ll still
run his guns,
but he’s gotta find
someone else to mule.
We’ll blame it on the Irish.
Tell Galindo they’re gonna bail
if we keep trucking powder.
It’s too soon
to push for that.
No, it’s too late.
We’re gonna make more
in the next two shipments...
than we normally make
in two years.
I’m taking my piece
and I’m out.
You were right.
Ope ain’t ready to lead.
When you step down,
gavel should go to Bobby.
Chibs is your VP.
If Tig ain’t gonna carry it,
I think the Sergeant’s patch
should go to Happy.
You really gonna do this?
I love this club, Bobby,
but I love my family more.
I gotta put some distance
between the two.
Look, we gotta close this deal
before I tell the rest
of the club.
I don’t want my exit
pulling focus.
Gaalan.
What’s going on?
Just sorting out the day.
Otto reached out.
I’m gonna head up to Stockton.
Good. Let him know
we cleaned up Georgie.
Put Luann to rest.
Yeah. I’m sure he’ll
be glad to know it’s done.
CLAY:
All right, we’ll be there.
Gaalan needs some backup.
I gotta connect with Romeo.
All right, I got it.
Take Chibs with me,
translate the Catholic.
Take Tig and Happy with you,
just in case.
New investors are in place,
geologicals have been approved.
We present to City Council
tomorrow night.
Congratulations.
I know how important
Charming Heights is to you.
It could not have happened
without your help.
I’d like you to be there.
I’m sure the council will have
questions about law enforcement;
how they can handle
policing a larger community.
Sorry.
You look engaged.
I’ll be there.
Thank you.
Mr. Potter.
Mr. Mayor.
Big doings?
City Council meeting
is tomorrow night.
Pushes through the construction
of Charming Heights.
Really?
Hale found his investors.
I guess he did.
So what do you need?
Cooperation.
The, uh, RICO sting is
happening tomorrow afternoon.
Wahewa Reservation.
I’ve already secured
State Police,
but I could use some
local backup as well.
Yeah, so Juice came through?
Yes.
You seem disappointed.
- We’ll be there.
- Good.
I couldn’t have done this
without your help, you know.
Yeah, well, you know,
I’m all about the help.
Where might I find
the City Clerk’s office?
Would like to get the details on
Mayor Quimby’s housing proposal.
Town Hall. Commonwealth.
Why?
I’m the most curious of fellows.
CLAY:
Irish have concerns.
They’re afraid that blood
and headlines are gonna stain
their cause.
I find that big stacks of cash
have a very tranquil effect
on people.
Yeah, well, gonna need
a little diplomacy, too.
We’re very persuasive.
Yeah, I noticed.
Where are we
with the doctor problem?
Irish got wind of that, too.
We gotta be careful here, man.
This can’t look like more
Mexican retaliation.
You should let me handle this.
You’re too close.
Let us know when she’s released.
We’ll finish it.
Make it look like an accident.
No mistakes this time.
Yeah.
I’ll let you know.
Where the hell is he?
Turns out he wasn’t dead.
Got up and walked away.
I’m not laughing, Wayne.
What happened with Ope?
I knew he was coming here.
I followed him.
Why?
Wasn’t really sure
until I got here.
Saw the pain in the boy’s face.
What did you tell him?
Clay killed his old man.
What?
I mean, I didn’t,
I didn’t tell him why!
There’s enough bad blood
for motive.
After Donna,
he’ll kill Clay.
My intent, Gemma.
Where’s Ope now?
I’m not sure.
Skeeter’s burning Piney’s body
after the crematorium closes.
Ope’ll be there
to say good-bye.
You go to Ope.
You tell him you made a mistake.
Stop him from killing Clay.
You understand me?
What are you doing, Gemma?
I am protecting what it took
me 20 goddamn years to build.
That’s what I’m doing.
GRAD:
Mr. Ortiz.
What the hell is this?
We need some bud advice.
Get in.
Here?
Why... why am I here?
Otto was supposed to be here.
Where is he?
Sit down.
Anything we need
to know here?
Our American colleagues
have put profit before protocol.
We’re just here
to enforce decency.
And we’re the enforcement?
Stay close and look tough.
Should be all we need.
Understand?
Wait here.
Gaalan.
Good to see you.
Nice to see you.
This way.
What the hell
is this place?
Gonna look around.
Hey, what are you doing here?
I’m with Gaalan.
- Are you okay?
- Get downstairs now.
I’m not talking to you.
(babies fussing)
(whimpering)
(tinkly piano notes playing)
(door opens and shuts)
That ain’t good.
(babies crying)
Jesus Christ.
What the hell is this, Jackie?
It’s another goddamn
baby factory.
TIG:
What?
Hey, who the hell are you?
No.
No guns, bro.
Too many kids.
( man shouting)
(Chibs yells)
(grunting and groaning)
(babies crying)
Mother of Christ.
Yeah, well, you didn’t tell us
we’d be strong-arming...
the U.S. half of your black
market baby ring.
Catholic placement
for unwanted children.
Call it whatever
the hell you want.
You’re selling babies for cash.
Easy. This ain’t our business.
TIG:
Jax, it’s Phil.
Says it’s important.
Yeah.
Sorry this went down.
He almost lost his son
to your Belfast house.
Long story. Kellan, keeping
some twisted promise to JT.
GAALAN:
I didn’t know.
You can understand why
this pushes his buttons.
Aye, but that boy’s got
too many buttons, Clay.
Fistfights, RPGs.
He’s hotheaded and unstable.
Throw him into the mix
with Mexicans,
I have no faith
it doesn’t turn bloody.
I hear that.
I’ll keep him off this
cartel thing.
You’ll only have to deal
with me. I promise.
Anything I can do
for you here?
American Irish,
greedy bastards.
Offering children
to the highest bidder.
Some of them
to Protestant families.
Brawl scared
the piss out of them.
We’re on the same page now.
You see what I did here?
I made it all work, huh?
Don’t push it, Clay.
See you at the meet tomorrow.
- They should have told us.
- You’re right.
Just stay clear
of these guys.
Not a problem.
You going to see Tara?
Later.
I got to bounce
someone’s head off 12 steps.
Lenny gets full visitation,
two more yard days a week.
Warden signed off.
Yeah.
Need your signature,
verifying everything you told us
about your illegal activities...
with the Sons of Anarchy is,
uh, accurate and true.
(sighs)
Thank you, Otto.
When do I talk to Bobby?
POTTER:
He’s waiting patiently.
Let me, uh, process these, and
you’ll get your face-to-face.
Hopefully, this will give you
a little closure as well.
Yeah.
I’m completely at peace.
WENDY:
You have my phone number.
If you need me, call me anytime.
Okay? You’re doing great.
Thank you so much.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Shouldn’t I be asking
you that?
I don’t want any trouble, Jax.
I went to see Tara first out
of respect for everything that
she’s done for Abel.
You have no idea
what she has done for Abel.
What we’ve been through.
No. I don’t.
You have no right
to come back now, Wendy.
Abel doesn’t even know
who you are.
Telling him,
it just confuses shit.
It’s not my fault that you
didn’t tell him the truth, Jax.
What was I supposed
to tell him?
That his mom was a meth addict
that bailed on him?
Well, yeah. It’s the truth.
He should know it.
Secrets ruin kids, Jax.
Stay away.
Okay?
From Tara.
From my kid.
Or what? What... what,
are you going to break my arm,
punch my face in?
I had nothing to do
with that.
Oh, really? Nothing?
You are a felon on release.
And as frightening as this
notion may be,
I’m probably the most stable
adult in Abel’s life.
Block me out,
and I will pursue custody.
And you really think
they’re going to hand him
over to a junkie?
Ex-junkie,
who turned her life around.
Judges love
a good comeback story.
I ain’t going anywhere.
It’s okay.
I am.
Hey.
Go grab a snack.
You look famished.
I’ll stay with Tara.
Cool, man.
You need anything?
I’m good.
(cell phone ringing)
Where you going?
Grab a soda.
Clay’s with Tara.
- He’s alone with her?
- Yeah.
(monitor beeping)
(Clay sighs)
(Tara gasps)
Where’s Jax?
He’s finishing up
some things.
Wanted me to come by.
Check up on you.
(sighs):
Thanks.
CLAY: Sure.
We gotta get you better.
Ready to go.
You and Jax
got yourself a plan.
Put all this violence behind.
It’s a smart move.
I’d hate to see something
get in the way of that.
Really?
You know, I could make
sure this plan happens.
Push some doors wide open.
See that nobody
gets in your way.
Even Gemma?
I’ll stop her.
She won’t run at you.
Yeah, I saw how you
slowed her down.
There’s only one thing
that could get in the way
of that escape dream.
Those letters.
How do you know about them?
Gemma?
She thought you were
going to show them to Jax.
Create a shit-storm.
But you’re a smart girl, Tara.
You know what happens
if Jax reads those letters.
It’s the reason why
he doesn’t have them already.
Complicates your departure.
You need to give me
the letters, Tara.
If you’re so sure I’m not
going to give them to Jax,
why do you need them?
Peace of mind.
I want to be able
to sleep at night.
You can understand that.
You give me the letters,
I destroy them...
You and Jax leave with the boys.
Everybody’s happy.
And safe.
And if I don’t
give them to you?
I’m not sure you and Jax
ever make it out of Charming.
She’s fine.
Clay.
Opie found Piney.
He’s certain you’re the one
who killed him.
How?
Doesn’t matter.
Cold-bloodedness
of how Piney went.
History of you killing Donna.
I’d watch your back.
Opie’ll want a settled score.
I love you, Clay.
Here.
I got it.
Thanks.
Doc said you could go?
Yep.
That’s good.
What did Clay want?
He wants the letters.
You didn’t tell me he knew.
Is... is that why this happened?
Found that cover note.
I panicked.
Had to tell someone.
JAX:
Hey.
They release you?
TARA:
Yeah.
I’ll let you get dressed.
You need to hear this.
I talked to Wendy.
Did you really think
I wasn’t going to find out?
The last thing you need
to worry about is
what that ex-junkie wants.
I don’t give a shit
what anybody wants.
Including you.
We’re going.
Tara has an offer
from a hospital in Oregon.
Day after tomorrow,
we’re packing up our boys.
And we’re getting out
of Charming.
(phone rings)
I’ll take you home. Okay?
You can split.
Sorry.
You have no idea...
what I’ve done...
to protect you and Jax.
Protect us from what?
I just wanted him to know
the truth.
Is that what you want,
sweetheart?
Truth?
’Cause I got buckets of it.
I can drown you in truth.
Hey. Sorry.
Jax had to split.
- Told me to take Tara home.
- TARA & GEMMA:
Where did he go?
PHIL:
Didn’t say.
(Gemma sighs)
(woman laughing )
TIG:
Oh, shit. Yeah, that’s good.
Work it out, baby.
Right there,
right in the middle.
Where is everybody?
Chibs and Hap went home.
Haven’t seen Bobby or Juice.
I think Jax
finally tracked down Ope...
and Miles and Kozik are dead.
Thanks for the update.
You hanging out?
Till I’m done
with the massage. Why?
Ah...
I got a vibe from my meet
with the Mexicans.
Felt wrong.
Wrong how?
Wrong like, uh, I may
need another guy with a gun.
Rat’s in the garage.
I’m sure Jax’ll be back soon.
Yeah.
He will.
Hey.
What’s going on, Otto?
Read it.
Out loud.
"March 1997.
Broke Giordano’s collarbone,
two ribs.
Month in the hole.
Five months added.
August 1999.
Shivved Winter Holder
for being a rat.
Two years added."
- What...
- Keep reading.
"December 2001, tried to broker
a deal with GN. Went south,
left eye slashed..."
Why am I reading this, Otto?
It’s my list, brother.
It’s all the things I’ve done
for the club inside.
Including the thing
that got me life.
The thing that got me death.
And... I only asked
for one thing from SAMCRO...
take care of Luann.
I know, and we did, Otto.
I promise.
No. You didn’t.
And now
you’re gonna feel that.
What are you talking about?
- Otto, what did you do?
- Come on, let’s go.
Otto...
No, no.
Come on, let’s go.
Otto...
What did you do?!
You...
You ratted?!
You ratted,
you stupid little rat!
You’re gonna burn!
You... son of a bitch!
You...
Yeah.
You rat!
Time for you
to start a list, Bobby.
Thanks for handling this.
Sure. No problem.
I need to talk to you
about something.
Not really in the mood
to talk right now.
(door opens)
Oh, my God.
What happened?
I found him at the cabin.
Shotgun to the chest.
Jesus Christ.
Oh, I’m so sorry.
Yeah.
You think it was the Mexicans?
I’ll fill you in.
I just wanted to say good-bye.
I know that he’d want you here.
Yeah, okay.
You want to tell me
what happened to Piney?
You should know.
You’re Clay’s boy.
- JAX:
What are you talking about?
- Clay killed my old man!
No. No.
Yes!
He killed my wife,
now my father.
Did you know?
Did you know?!
No, Ope!
Of course not!
Bro, if Clay did this,
it is a club issue.
Let’s take it to the table,
let everyone know.
What table?
You’re out.
Remember?
(air hissing)
Shit. Keys!
(ignition sputtering)
Starter’s kind of shot.
Jesus Christ.
Whoa.
Was that a gunshot?
- Hey! Is that yours?
- SKEETER: Yeah.
I need it.
SKEETER: For what?
Now!
Give him the goddamn
keys before we both end up in
the back of it!
♪♪ [ Soft Rock ]
(tires screeching)
(horns honking)
♪ And I don’t wanna be a proud
man just wanna be a man ♪
♪ A little less like my father
and more like my dad ♪
(tires screeching)
- (dialing)
- Shit!
(ignition sputtering)
♪ I wanna kill me a giant man ♪
Hey!
I need your help, bro.
(man grunts)
♪♪ [ Continues ]
(door slams)
♪ I wanna hunt like David ♪
♪ I wanna kill me a giant man ♪
♪ I wanna slay my demons ♪
♪ But I got lots of them ♪
♪♪ [ Man Vocalizing ]
♪ I wanna hunt like David ♪
♪ I wanna kill me a giant man ♪
♪ I wanna slay my demons ♪
♪ But I got lots of them ♪
♪ I got lots of them ♪
♪♪ [ Man Vocalizing ]
(motorcycle approaching)
♪♪ [ Ends ]
(motorcycle engine stops)
(panting)
Don’t.
Sit.
You’re gonna die at the gavel.
I get to say anything here?
My old man get to say anything
before you blew a hole
in his chest?!
Sit down!
Somebody’s been
lying to you, Ope.
Having Donna killed–
that a lie?!
Jesus Christ,
that’s history, man.
Stahl bending the truth.
That score is settled!
No, it’s not!
You sit down!
Sit down.
(grunts)
Ope! Put it down.
Please, Ope.
Don’t make me kill you.
(grunts)